Add note about how to check the current version of your nitro contracts when upgrading ArbOS + format (#1177)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/launch-orbit-chain/how-tos/arbos-upgrade.md

#### Step 2: Upgrade the Wasm module root & your chain's Nitro contracts

While every ArbOS upgrade will require an update to the Wasm module root, not every ArbOS upgrade will require an upgrade to the chain's `nitro-contracts` version.

> If necessary, as defined in the release notes for each ArbOS release, you may need to deploy new versions of some (or all) of the Nitro contracts to the parent chain of your Orbit chain. These contracts include the rollup logic, bridging logic, fraud proof contracts, and interfaces for interacting with Nitro precompiles. You can verify the current version of your nitro contracts by following [these instructions](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/orbit-actions/blob/main/README.md#check-version-and-upgrade-path). This information will allow you to find the correct upgrade path for your nitro contracts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If necessary, as defined in the release notes for each ArbOS release, you may need to deploy new versions of some (or all) of the Nitro contracts to the parent chain of your Orbit chain. These contracts include the rollup logic, bridging logic, fraud proof contracts, and interfaces for interacting with Nitro precompiles. To verify the current version of your Nitro contracts, follow [these instructions](https://github.com/OffchainLabs/orbit-actions/blob/main/README.md#check-version-and-upgrade-path) while replacing the inbox contract address and network name with that of your Orbit chain. This information will allow you to find the correct upgrade path for your Nitro contracts.
```
